VPC

To watch the below video, you need to right click on the Hyperlink just below the highlighted task in red colour and select the Open Hyperlink option. It will take you to the YouTube where you can watch the concerned video.
You are required to watch the video and answer the Questions asked below.
You need to type answers in the row indicated with “Ans”


What to create internet gateways?

How do I create Internet gateway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tD9vDv0uyI8

1	What is VPC?
Ans.	Virtual Private Cloud, one of the fundamental concepts or services of AWS or Cloud computing
2	VPC stands for?
Ans.	Virtual Private Cloud
3	How to create VPC?
Ans.	Login to console, select region, locate VPC under networks in menu or search VPC
4	How calculate IP address range?
Ans.	2 ^ (32-X), where x is the number mentioned after forward slash in ip ex: 10.0.0.0/16
5	How to create subnets?
Ans.	Under VPC dashboard select subnets, from top right click create subnet, then select the VPC in which subnets needs to be created, followed by subnet name and then allot cidr range.
6	How to create public/private route table?
Ans.	Both have same procedure, public route table needs to be attached with IGW and assign destination as 0.0.0.0/0 for public internet access.
7	How to create internet gateways?
Ans.	Under vpc, select Internet gateway then from top right select create new IGW. Then name it.
8	What are internet gateways?
Ans.	It allows resources withing the VPC to connect to the internet or allows internet to connect with vpc resources
9	How to attach internet gateways to VPC?
Ans.	When IGW is created, under state click on detach then select the desired VPC
10	How to create NAT gateways?
Ans.	Under VPC dashboard, select NAT gateway, then click on create, then name label it and attach to any public subnet.
11	In which subnet you need to keep NAT gateways always?
Ans.	Public Subnet
12	What is the use of NAT gateways?
Ans.	NAT gateway takes all the internet bound traffic originating from private subnet to internet bound and gives the response from internet to private suvnet.
13	NAT gateway stands for
Ans.	Network Address Translation
14	How to start auto modify auto-assign IP setting?
Ans.	Select subnet, under subnet actions select the above feature and enable it.
15	How to attach public/private subnet to route table?
Ans.	Under route table, select route table and under selected route click on subnet associate to attach respective subnets.

